#
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                      1_llvm    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
absl-py                   0.9.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
aioeasywebdav             2.4.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.6.2            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
alabaster                 0.7.12                     py_0    conda-forge
appdirs                   1.4.3                      py_1    conda-forge
arrow                     0.15.5                   py37_0    conda-forge
arviz                     0.7.0                      py_0    conda-forge
astor                     0.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
astroid                   2.3.3                    py37_1    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
bash                      5.0.011              hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
bcrypt                    3.1.7            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
beakerx                   1.4.1                    py37_1    conda-forge
beautysh                  6.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
binaryornot               0.4.4                      py_1    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.34                 h53a641e_0    conda-forge
binutils_linux-64         2.34                hc952b39_18    conda-forge
biopython                 1.76             py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
black                     19.10b0                  py37_0    conda-forge
blas                      2.14                        mkl    conda-forge
bleach                    3.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
bokeh                     2.0.1            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
boto3                     1.12.46            pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
botocore                  1.15.46            pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py37h8f50634_1000    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14                        0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.15.0            h516909a_1001    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.4.5.1           hecc5488_0    conda-forge
cachetools                3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            h18b612c_1001    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.4.5.1       py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.0           py37hd463f26_0    conda-forge
cftime                    1.1.1.2          py37h03ebfcd_0    conda-forge
chardet                   3.0.4           py37hc8dfbb8_1006    conda-forge
clang-format              9.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
click                     7.1.1              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
cmake                     3.17.0               h28c56e5_0    conda-forge
cni                       0.6.0             h8a17f66_1002    conda-forge
cni-plugins               0.8.2                hc0beb16_0    conda-forge
configargparse            1.2.3              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
cookiecutter              1.7.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
coreutils                 8.31                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
cpplint                   1.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
crc32c                    2.0              py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
cryptography              2.9.2            py37hb09aad4_0    conda-forge
cudatoolkit               10.2.89              hfd86e86_0    anaconda
curl                      7.68.0               hf8cf82a_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cyrus-sasl                2.1.27               he38ecfd_0    conda-forge
datrie                    0.8.2            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               he372182_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
docutils                  0.15.2                   py37_0    conda-forge
dropbox                   9.4.0                      py_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
fftw                      3.3.8           mpi_mpich_h3f9e1be_1010    conda-forge
filechunkio               1.8                        py_2    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      2.001                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.030                hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            he4413a7_1000    conda-forge
fonts-anaconda            1                    h8fa9717_0    anaconda
freetype                  2.10.1               he06d7ca_0    conda-forge
ftputil                   3.4                        py_0    conda-forge
gast                      0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
gcc_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                hd420e75_5    conda-forge
gcc_linux-64              7.3.0               h553295d_18    conda-forge
gdk-pixbuf                2.36.12           h7a26e22_1003    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    7.3.0                hdf63c60_5    conda-forge
gfortran_linux-64         7.3.0               h553295d_18    conda-forge
ghostscript               9.22              hf484d3e_1001    conda-forge
giflib                    5.1.7                h516909a_1    conda-forge
git                       2.26.0          pl526hf241897_0    conda-forge
gitdb                     4.0.4                      py_0    conda-forge
gitpython                 3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
glib                      2.64.2               h6f030ca_0    conda-forge
gobject-introspection     1.58.2          py37h619baee_1004    conda-forge
google-api-core           1.17.0           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.14.1             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.1                    pypi_0    pypi
google-cloud-core         1.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
google-cloud-storage      1.28.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-resumable-media    0.5.0                      py_1    conda-forge
googleapis-common-protos  1.51.0           py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
graphviz                  2.38.0            hf68f40c_1011    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.23.0           py37hb0870dc_1    conda-forge
gsl                       2.5                  h294904e_1    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_2    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         7.3.0                hdf63c60_5    conda-forge
gxx_linux-64              7.3.0               h553295d_18    conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py37h513d04c_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h37c48d4_1    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            hf30be14_1003    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h3c11f04_1104    conda-forge
icu                       58.2              hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
idna                      2.9                        py_1    conda-forge
imagemagick               7.0.8_54        pl526h39023e4_0    conda-forge
imagesize                 1.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.6.0            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.6.0                         0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 5.2.1            py37h43977f1_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.13.0           py37hc8dfbb8_2    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
isort                     4.3.21           py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h516909a_2002    conda-forge
jedi                      0.17.0           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    2.11.2             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jinja2-time               0.2.0                      py_2    conda-forge
jmespath                  0.9.5                      py_0    conda-forge
joblib                    0.14.1                     py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
jq                        1.6               h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.1.3                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab                2.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         1.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
keras                     2.3.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
keras-applications        1.0.8                      py_1    conda-forge
keras-preprocessing       1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.2.0            py37h99015e2_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.16.4               h2fd8d38_0    conda-forge
lazy-object-proxy         1.4.3            py37h8f50634_2    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.34                 h53a641e_0    conda-forge
libarchive                3.3.3             hb44662c_1005    conda-forge
libblas                   3.8.0                    14_mkl    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0                    14_mkl    conda-forge
libcroco                  0.6.13               h8d621e5_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.68.0               hda55be3_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1007    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_5    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgpuarray               0.7.6             h14c3975_1003    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1006    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0                    14_mkl    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.8.0                    14_mkl    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.7.4           nompi_h9f9fd6a_101    conda-forge
libntlm                   1.4               h516909a_1002    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.9                h5ec1e0e_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_1    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.11.4               h8b12597_0    conda-forge
librsvg                   2.44.14              h11c8777_0    conda-forge
libseccomp                2.4.1                h516909a_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.17               h516909a_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.8.2                h22169c7_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.0.10            h57b8799_1003    conda-forge
libtool                   2.4.6             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libuv                     1.34.0               h516909a_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                h302c0c8_3    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.9                h13577e0_2    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               10.0.0               hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
lzo                       2.10              h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  h516909a_0    conda-forge
mako                      1.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
markdown                  3.2.1                      py_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.1.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.1.1            py37hfd891ef_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-venn           0.11.5                     py_2    conda-forge
maven                     3.6.0                         0    conda-forge
mccabe                    0.6.1                      py_1    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py37h8f50634_1001    conda-forge
mkl                       2019.5                      281    conda-forge
mkl-service               2.3.0            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
mock                      3.0.5            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.2.0                      py_0    conda-forge
mpi                       1.0                       mpich    conda-forge
mpich                     3.3.2                hc856adb_0    conda-forge
multidict                 4.7.5            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
mypy_extensions           0.4.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
nbconvert                 5.6.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.0.6                      py_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.5.3           nompi_py37hec16513_103    conda-forge
networkx                  2.4                        py_1    conda-forge
nextflow                  20.01.0              hecc5488_0    bioconda
nf-core                   1.9                        py_0    bioconda
ninja                     1.10.0               hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
nodejs                    12.4.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.0.3                    py37_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.18.1           py37h8960a57_1    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
olefile                   0.46                       py_0    conda-forge
oniguruma                 6.9.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   8.0.121          zulu8.20.0.5_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.3.1                h21c5421_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1g               h516909a_0    conda-forge
opt-einsum                3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 20.1                       py_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.0.3            py37h0da4684_1    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.9.2.1                       0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
pango                     1.40.14           he7ab937_1005    conda-forge
paramiko                  2.7.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.7.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pathspec                  0.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
perl                      5.26.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
perl-digest-md5           2.55                    pl526_0    bioconda
pexpect                   4.8.0            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5           py37hc8dfbb8_1001    conda-forge
pillow                    6.2.1            py37h6b7be26_0    conda-forge
pip                       20.0.2                     py_2    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
pkg-config                0.29.2            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
plotly                    4.6.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pluggy                    0.13.0                   py37_0    conda-forge
poyo                      0.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
prettytable               0.7.2                      py_3    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.5                      py_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.11.4           py37h3340039_1    conda-forge
psutil                    5.7.0            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                   py_1001    conda-forge
py                        1.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
py4j                      0.10.8.1           pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20                       py_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
pygpu                     0.7.6           py37hc1659b7_1000    conda-forge
pygraphviz                1.5             py37h8f50634_1002    conda-forge
pylint                    2.4.4                    py37_0    conda-forge
pymc3                     3.8                        py_0    conda-forge
pynacl                    1.3.0           py37h516909a_1001    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 19.1.0                     py_1    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.6.0           py37h13b7fb3_1008    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.16.0           py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pysftp                    0.2.9                      py_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
pytest                    5.4.1            py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
python                    3.7.6           h8356626_5_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python-irodsclient        0.8.2                      py_0    conda-forge
python-slugify            4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.7                     1_cp37m    conda-forge
pytorch                   1.5.0           py3.7_cuda10.2.89_cudnn7.6.5_0    pytorch
pytz                      2019.3                     py_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    5.3.1            py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.0           py37hac76be4_1    conda-forge
qt                        5.6.3                h8bf5577_3  
r-anytime                 0.3.7             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-backports               1.1.6             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-base                    3.6.1                h8900bf8_2    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r36hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-bayesplot               1.7.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.72.0_3          r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-bit                     1.1_15.2          r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-bit64                   0.9_7           r36hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_6           r36hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_25            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-brew                    1.0_6           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-broom                   0.5.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.4.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-caret                   6.0_86            r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.0            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-checkmate               2.0.0             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_17            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-cli                     2.0.2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.7.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.0             r36h9bbef5b_2    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_16          r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-colorspace              1.4_1             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-colourpicker            1.0             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.7             r36hcdcec82_1001    conda-forge
r-config                  0.3             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-covr                    3.5.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.0.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.3.4           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.1.0.1           r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-curl                    4.3               r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-cyclocomp               1.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.12.8            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  1.4.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-devtools                2.3.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-dials                   0.0.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-dicedesign              1.8_1             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.25            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   0.8.5             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-dt                      0.13              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-dygraphs                1.1.1.6         r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.0             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-essentials              3.6                    r36_2001    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.14              r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-fansi                   0.4.1             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.0.3             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.0.1             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-forcats                 0.5.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_76            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-forge                   0.2.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.7               r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.4.1             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-furrr                   0.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-future                  1.17.0            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-gdata                   2.18.0          r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-generics                0.0.2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-getopt                  1.20.3                    r36_1    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.3.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ggridges                0.5.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-gh                      1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-gistr                   0.5.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-git2r                   0.26.1            r36h7253d3a_1    conda-forge
r-glmnet                  3.0_2             r36h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-globals                 0.12.5            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.4.0             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-gower                   0.2.1             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-gpfit                   1.0_8             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.0.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.8.2             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-hardhat                 0.1.2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.2.0             r36hde08347_0    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.1            r36h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.8               r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-hms                     0.5.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.4.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.5.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-httpuv                  1.5.2             r36h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-hunspell                3.0             r36h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-igraph                  1.2.4.2           r36h6786f55_0    conda-forge
r-infer                   0.5.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ini                     0.3.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-inline                  0.3.15          r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-ipred                   0.9_9             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               0.7                    r36_1001    conda-forge
r-irkernel                1.1               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.1             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-isocodes                2020.03.16        r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.12            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-janeaustenr             0.1.5           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.6.1             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_17           r36hfa343cc_0    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.28              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.3             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-later                   1.0.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_41           r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-lava                    1.6.7             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-lhs                     1.0.2             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               0.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-lintr                   2.0.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-listenv                 0.8.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-lme4                    1.1_23            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-loo                     2.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.7.8             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-magrittr                1.5             r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-maps                    3.3.0           r36hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.1               r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_51.6          r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.2_18            r36h7fa42b6_2    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.56.0            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-maxlik                  1.3_8             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-memoise                 1.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_31            r36h7fa42b6_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.9               r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-miniui                  0.1.1.1         r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-minqa                   1.2.4           r36h6786f55_1004    conda-forge
r-misctools               0.6_26            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2.2           r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-modelr                  0.1.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-mongolite               2.2.0             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_147           r36h9bbef5b_0    conda-forge
r-nloptr                  1.2.2.1           r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_14            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-odbc                    1.2.2             r36h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-openssl                 1.4.1             r36he5c4762_0    conda-forge
r-optparse                1.6.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-packrat                 0.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-parsnip                 0.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_3           r36h559a7a4_1002    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.4.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.0.7             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.0.2           r36h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-pki                     0.1_7             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.6             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1003    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-proc                    1.16.2            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-processx                3.4.2             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-prodlim                 2019.11.13        r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-profvis                 0.3.6             r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-projecttemplate         0.9.0             r36h6115d3f_0    r
r-promises                1.1.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-pryr                    0.1.4           r36h0357c0b_1003    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.3.2             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   0.3.4             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-quantmod                0.4.17            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.cache                 0.14.0            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.methodss3             1.8.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.oo                    1.23.0            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r.utils                 2.9.2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-r2d3                    0.2.3           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.4.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-randomforest            4.6_14          r36h9bbef5b_1002    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.1           r36hcdcec82_1003    conda-forge
r-rbokeh                  0.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rcmdcheck               1.3.3             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.4.6           r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.3.7.0         r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rcppparallel            5.0.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.2          r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   1.3.1           r36h0357c0b_1002    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.3.1             r36hde08347_3    conda-forge
r-recipes                 0.1.10            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-recommended             3.6                    r36_1003    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-remotes                 2.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-reprex                  0.3.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rex                     1.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rjava                   0.9_12            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-rjdbc                   0.2_8             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.20          r36h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-rjsonio                 1.3_1.4           r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rlang                   0.4.5             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.1               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-roxygen2                7.1.0             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1_15            r36hcdcec82_1    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               1.3_2           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-rsample                 0.0.5             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rsconnect               0.8.16            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rstan                   2.19.3            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rstanarm                2.19.3            r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-rstantools              2.0.0             r36h0357c0b_1    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.11              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rversions               2.0.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-rvest                   0.3.5             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-sandwich                2.5_1             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-selectr                 0.4_2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-sessioninfo             1.1.1           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-shape                   1.4.4                  r36_1002    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.4.0.2           r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-shinyjs                 1.1               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-shinystan               2.5.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-shinythemes             1.1.2             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-snowballc               0.7.0             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7           r36he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
r-sparklyr                1.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-spatial                 7.3_12            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2020.2            r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-stanheaders             2.21.0_1          r36h6786f55_0    conda-forge
r-statmod                 1.4.34            r36h6e990d7_0    conda-forge
r-stopwords               2.0               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-stringdist              0.9.5.5           r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.4.3             r36h0357c0b_2    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.4.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-styler                  1.3.2             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-survival                3.1_12            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.3               r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-testthat                2.3.2             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-threejs                 0.3.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.0.1             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-tidymodels              0.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tidyposterior           0.0.2           r36h6115d3f_2001    conda-forge
r-tidypredict             0.4.5             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.0.2             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.0.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tidytext                0.2.4             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tidyverse               1.3.0             r36h6115d3f_1    conda-forge
r-timedate                3043.102        r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.22              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-tokenizers              0.2.1           r36h0357c0b_1001    conda-forge
r-tsibble                 0.8.6             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-ttr                     0.23_6            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-tune                    0.1.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-usethis                 1.6.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.1.4           r36hcdcec82_1002    conda-forge
r-uuid                    0.1_4             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.2.4             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.3.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4               r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.2.0             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-workflows               0.1.1             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.13              r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.2             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-xmlparsedata            1.0.3             r36h6115d3f_0    conda-forge
r-xopen                   1.0.0           r36h6115d3f_1002    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r36h6115d3f_2    conda-forge
r-xts                     0.12_0            r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.2.1             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
r-yardstick               0.0.6             r36h0357c0b_0    conda-forge
r-zeallot                 0.1.0           r36h6115d3f_1001    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_7             r36hcdcec82_0    conda-forge
ratelimiter               1.2.0                 py37_1000    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
regex                     2020.4.4         py37h8f50634_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.23.0             pyh8c360ce_2    conda-forge
requests-cache            0.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
retrying                  1.3.3                      py_2    conda-forge
rhash                     1.3.6             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
rsa                       4.0                        py_0    conda-forge
rstudio                   1.1.456              h6bb024c_1    r
s3transfer                0.3.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
scikit-learn              0.22.2.post1     py37hcdab131_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.4.1            py37ha3d9a3c_3    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.10.1                     py_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.7               h1bed415_1000    conda-forge
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                46.1.3           py37hc8dfbb8_0    conda-forge
shellcheck                0.7.1                         0    conda-forge
simplegeneric             0.8.1                      py_1    conda-forge
singularity               3.5.3                h6227a62_0    conda-forge
sip                       4.18.1          py37hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
six                       1.14.0                     py_1    conda-forge
smmap                     3.0.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
snakemake                 5.15.0                        0    bioconda
snakemake-minimal         5.15.0                     py_0    bioconda
snowballstemmer           2.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinx                    3.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     1.0.2                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      1.0.3                      py_0    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.4                      py_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
squashfs-tools            4.3               h54f8c30_1003    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.11.1           py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
tabulate                  0.8.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow                2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-estimator      2.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 1.1.0                      py_2    conda-forge
terminado                 0.8.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
text-unidecode            1.3                        py_0    conda-forge
theano                    1.0.4           py37he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 h555a92e_3    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.0                     py_0    conda-forge
toposort                  1.5                        py_3    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.45.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3            py37hc8dfbb8_1    conda-forge
typed-ast                 1.4.1            py37h516909a_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.7.4.1          py37hc8dfbb8_3    conda-forge
unidecode                 1.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
unixodbc                  2.3.7             hd1b7508_1000    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.25.9                     py_0    conda-forge
vim                       8.2.0647         py37he9c8336_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.1.9              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
werkzeug                  1.0.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
whichcraft                0.6.1                      py_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py37_0    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.12.1           py37h8f50634_1    conda-forge
xarray                    0.15.1                     py_0    conda-forge
xmlrunner                 1.7.7                      py_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxpm               3.5.13               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.1.5             h516909a_1003    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
yarl                      1.3.0           py37h516909a_1000    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.2                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.0                h3b9ef0a_0    conda-forge
